Add an article on how to Stop validating (#2000)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/maintain-guides-how-to-unbond.md

On this tab click on the "Account Actions" tab at the top of the screen.

> Here, click "Stop Nominating" or "Stop Validating" (depending on your role) on an account you're

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, click "Stop" on an account you're
```

> staking with and would like to free the funds for. This will "chill" the tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
staking with and would like to free the funds for. This will "chill" the Validator/Nominator.
```

Per my above comment, it's the account role that is chilled, not necessarily the tokens themselves. So would opt for this sort of phrasing.
